Built in Palladio, this dynamic graph allows viewers to explore the architects' education data.
One can filter by each of the seventeen educational institutions in the data, or by educational background,
into which educational institutions are grouped as art schools, other universities and colleges,
and Oxbridge and Inns of Court, to which we added the category "Training with an individual."
One can zoom in to analyze individual architects' education paths, but also see aggregate trends.
For example, you see the five architects, Thomas Hardwick, George Hadfield, Willey Reveley, Joseph Michael Gandy,
and Thomas Johnson, who both attended an art school and trained with an individual.
There's only one other case of an architect with two educational backgrounds, and that's James Gibbs,
who both trained with an individual and attended one of the universities and colleges in the data set.
Interacting with the graph overall, viewers can easily grasp that we have education data for three-quarters of the amateur architects
compared to less than half of the professional architects,
but also that the professional architects are represented in all four types of educational background,
while for the amateurs, we see only two, the socially elite Oxbridge and Inns of Court, and other colleges and universities.
[SIlence]